CIAC 6170 - Azure SQL Management (#26463)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSQLManagement/Integrations/AzureSQLManagement/README.md

    | Azure Managed Identities Client ID | The Managed Identities client ID for authentication - relevant only if the integration is running on Azure VM. | False |
    | Azure AD endpoint | Azure AD endpoint associated with a national cloud. | False |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |

At the end of the process you'll see a message that you've logged in successfully.

## Commands

You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

### azure-sql-auth-start

***
Run this command to start the authorization process and follow the instructions in the command results.

#### Base Command

`azure-sql-auth-start`

#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
#### Command example
```!azure-sql-auth-start```
#### Human Readable Output

>### Authorization instructions
>1. To sign in, use a web browser to open the page [https://microsoft.com/devicelogin](https://microsoft.com/devicelogin)

> >and enter the code **DELTEABB7** to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>and enter the code **CODECODE** to authenticate.
```

>✅ Authorization completed successfully.

### azure-sql-auth-reset

***
Run this command if you need to rerun the authentication process.

#### Base Command

`azure-sql-auth-reset`

#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
#### Command example
```!azure-sql-auth-reset```
#### Human Readable Output

> >Authorization was reset successfully. You can now run **!azure-sql-auth-start** and **!azure-sql-auth-complete**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>Authorization was reset successfully. You can now run ***!azure-sql-auth-start*** and ***!azure-sql-auth-complete***.
```
Commands are bold and italics.

>✅ Success!

### azure-sql-servers-list

***
Lists all the servers.

#### Base Command

`azure-sql-servers-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| limit | (Int) The maximum number of servers returned to the War Room. Default is 50. | Optional | 
| offset | Offset in the data set. Default is 0. | Optional | 

> | subscription_id | Subscription id. This value will override instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | Subscription ID. This value will override the instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 
```

> | resource_group_name | Resource group name. This value will override instance param 'resource_group_name'. Can support multiple resource groups, comma separated. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| resource_group_name | A comma-separated list of resource group names. This value will override the instance param 'resource_group_name'.  | Optional | 
```

### azure-sql-db-list

***
Lists all of the databases for the server.

#### Base Command

`azure-sql-db-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| server_name | Server name. | Required | 
| limit | The maximum number of databases returned to the War Room. Default is 50. | Optional | 
| offset | Offset in the data set. Default is 0. | Optional | 

> | subscription_id | Subscription id. This value will override instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | Subscription ID. This value will override the instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 
```

| AzureSQL.DB.defaultSecondaryLocation | String | Default secondary location of the database. | 
| AzureSQL.DB.maxSizeBytes | Number | The maximum size of the database in bytes. | 
| AzureSQL.DB.readReplicaCount | Number | The number of read-only secondary replicas of the database. | 
| AzureSQL.DB.readScale | String | The read-only routing state. "Enabled" or "Disabled". | 
| AzureSQL.DB.requestedServiceObjectiveName | String | The requested service objective name of the database. | 
| AzureSQL.DB.status | String | Database status. | 
| AzureSQL.DB.storageAccountType | String | Database storage account type. | 
| AzureSQL.DB.zoneRedundant | Boolean | Whether the database zone is redundant. | 
| AzureSQL.DB.currentBackupStorageRedundancy | Unknown | The storage account type used to store backups for this database. | 
| AzureSQL.DB.requestedBackupStorageRedundancy | Unknown | The storage account type to be used to store backups for this database. | 

> | AzureSQL.DB.maintenanceConfigurationId | String | Maintenance configuration id assigned to the database. This configuration defines the period when the maintenance updates will occur. | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AzureSQL.DB.maintenanceConfigurationId | String | Maintenance configuration ID assigned to the database. This configuration defines the period when the maintenance updates will occur. | 
```

| AzureSQL.DB.isLedgerOn | Boolean | Whether or not this database is a ledger database, which means all tables in the database are ledger tables. The value of this property cannot be changed after the database has been created. | 

> | AzureSQL.DB.isInfraEncryptionEnabled | Boolean | Infra encryption is enabled for this database. | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AzureSQL.DB.isInfraEncryptionEnabled | Boolean | Whether infra encryption is enabled for this database. | 
```

>### Database List
>|Name|Location|Status|Managed By|
>|---|---|---|---|

> >| master | eastus | Online | /subscriptions/0123456789/resourceGroups/sql-integration/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/sqlintegration |

Reviewer: Revert this.

### azure-sql-db-audit-policy-list

***
Gets the audit settings of the specified database.

#### Base Command

`azure-sql-db-audit-policy-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| server_name | Server name. | Required | 
| db_name | Database name. | Required | 
| limit | The maximum number of database audit policies returned to the War Room. Default is 50. | Optional | 
| offset | Offset in the data set. Default is 0. | Optional | 

> | subscription_id | Subscription id. This value will override instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | Subscription ID. This value will override the instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 
```

> | resource_group_name | Resource group name. This value will override instance param 'resource_group_name'. Can support multiple resource groups, comma separated. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| resource_group_name | A comma-separated list of resource group names. This value will override the instance param 'resource_group_name'.  | Optional | 
```

| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.id | String | Audit policy ID. | 
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.name | String | Audit policy name. | 
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.type | String | Resource type. | 
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.isAzureMonitorTargetEnabled | Boolean | Whether audit events are sent to Azure Monitor. Possible values: "True" \(Enabled\) or "False" \(Disabled\). | 
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.retentionDays | Number | Number of days to keep in the audit logs in the storage account. | 
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.state | String | Policy state. | 
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.storageAccountSubscriptionId | String | Storage subscription ID. | 
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.databaseName | String | The name of the database that the audit policy is related to. | 
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.serverName | String | The name of the server that the audit policy is related to. | 

> | AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.isManagedIdentityInUse | Boolean | Specifies whether Managed Identity is used to access blob storage | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AzureSQL.DBAuditPolicy.isManagedIdentityInUse | Boolean | Specifies whether Managed Identity is used to access blob storage. | 
```

>|---|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---|---|---|----------------|---|---|---|---|---|
>| SUCCESSFUL_DATABASE_AUTHENTICATION_GROUP,<br/>FAILED_DATABASE_AUTHENTICATION_GROUP,<br/>BATCH_COMPLETED_GROUP | sql-integration-db | /subscriptions/0123456789/resourceGroups/sql-integration/providers/Microsoft.Sql/servers/sqlintegration/databases/sql-integration-db/auditingSettings/Default | true | false | Default | 3              | sqlintegration | Enabled | 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000 | Microsoft.Sql/servers/databases/auditingSettings |

### azure-sql-db-threat-policy-get

***
Gets the threat detection policy of the specified database.

#### Base Command

`azure-sql-db-threat-policy-get`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| server_name | Server name. | Required | 
| db_name | Database name. | Required | 

> | subscription_id | Subscription id. This value will override instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | Subscription ID. This value will override the instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 
```

> | resource_group_name | Resource group name. This value will override instance param 'resource_group_name'. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| resource_group_name | Resource group name. This value will override the instance param 'resource_group_name'. | Optional | 
```

| retention_days | Number of days to keep the policy in the audit logs. | Optional | 
| storage_account_access_key | Identifier key of the auditing storage account. | Optional | 
| storage_account_subscription_id | Storage subscription ID. | Optional | 
| storage_endpoint | Storage endpoint. If the value for the state argument is enabled, the value for the storage_endpoint or is_azure_monitor_target_enabled argument is required. | Optional | 

> | subscription_id | Subscription id. This value will override instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | Subscription ID. This value will override the instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 
```

> | resource_group_name | Resource group name. This value will override instance param 'resource_group_name'. Can support multiple resource groups, comma separated. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| resource_group_name | A comma-separated list of resource group names. This value will override the instance param 'resource_group_name'.  | Optional | 
```

| db_name | Database name. | Required | 
| state | The state of the policy. Possible values: "Enabled" and "Disabled". | Required | 
| retention_days | Number of days to keep the policy in the audit logs. | Optional | 
| storage_account_access_key | The identifier key of the threat detection audit storage account. | Optional | 
| storage_endpoint | The blob storage endpoint. This blob storage will hold all Threat Detection audit logs. | Optional | 
| disabled_alerts | Comma-separated list of alerts that are disabled. Possible values: "None", "Sql_Injection", "Sql_Injection_Vulnerability", "Access_Anomaly", "Data_Exfiltration", and "Unsafe_Action". | Optional | 
| email_addresses | Comma-separated list of email addresses to which the alert is sent. | Optional | 
| email_account_admins | Whether the alert is sent to the account administrators. Possible values: "true" and "false". | Optional | 
| use_server_default | Whether to use the default server policy. Possible values: "Enabled" and "Disabled". | Optional | 

> | subscription_id | Subscription id. This value will override instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | Subscription ID. This value will override the instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 
```

> | resource_group_name | Resource group name. This value will override instance param 'resource_group_name'. Can support multiple resource groups, comma separated. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| resource_group_name | A comma-separated list of resource group names. This value will override the instance param 'resource_group_name'.  | Optional | 
```

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.kind | String | Kind of threat policy. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.location | String | Threat policy location. | 

> | AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.id | String | Threat policy ID | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.id | String | Threat policy ID. | 
```

| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.name | String | Threat policy name. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.type | String | Threat policy type. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.state | String | Threat policy state. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.creationTime | String | Threat policy creation time. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.retentionDays | Number | Number of days to keep in the Threat Detection audit logs. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.storageAccountAccessKey | String | The identifier key of the Threat Detection audit storage account. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.storageEndpoint | String | Threat Detection audit storage account. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.emailAccountAdmins | Boolean | Email accounts administrators who the alert is sent to. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.emailAddresses | String | List of email addresses to which the alert is sent. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.disabledAlerts | String | List of alerts that are disabled, or an empty string if no alerts are disabled. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.useServerDefault | Unknown | Whether to use the default server policy. | 
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.databaseName | String | The name of the database that the threat policy is related to. | 

> | AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.serverName | String | The name of server that the threat policy is related to. | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AzureSQL.DBThreatPolicy.serverName | String | The name of the server that the threat policy is related to. | 
```

and paste it in your instance configuration under the **Authorization code** parameter.

### azure-sql-subscriptions-list

***
Gets all subscriptions for a tenant.

#### Base Command

`azure-sql-subscriptions-list`

#### Input

There are no input arguments for this command.

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AzureSQL.Subscription.id | String | The fully qualified ID for the subscription. | 
| AzureSQL.Subscription.authorizationSource | String | The authorization source of the request. Valid values are one or more combinations of Legacy, RoleBased, Bypassed, Direct and Management. For example, 'Legacy, RoleBased'. | 
| AzureSQL.Subscription.managedByTenants | Unknown | An array containing the tenants managing the subscription. | 
| AzureSQL.Subscription.subscriptionId | String | The subscription ID. | 
| AzureSQL.Subscription.tenantId | String | The subscription tenant ID. | 
| AzureSQL.Subscription.displayName | String | The subscription display name. | 
| AzureSQL.Subscription.state | String | The subscription state. Possible values are Enabled, Warned, PastDue, Disabled, and Deleted. | 

> | AzureSQL.Subscription.subscriptionPolicies.locationPlacementId | String | The subscription location placement ID. The ID indicates which regions are visible for a subscription. For example, a subscription with a location placement Id of Public_2014-09-01 has access to Azure public regions. | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| AzureSQL.Subscription.subscriptionPolicies.locationPlacementId | String | The subscription location placement ID. The ID indicates which regions are visible for a subscription. For example, a subscription with a location placement ID of Public_2014-09-01 has access to Azure public regions. | 
```

| AzureSQL.Subscription.subscriptionPolicies.spendingLimit | String | The subscription spending limit. | 

#### Command Example
```azure-sql-subscriptions-list```

#### Context Example
```json
{
    "AzureSQL": {
        "Subscription":{
            "id": "id",
            "authorizationSource": "RoleBased",
            "managedByTenants": [],
            "subscriptionId": "subscriptionId",
            "tenantId": "tenantId",
            "displayName": "displayName",
            "state": "Enabled",
            "subscriptionPolicies": {
                "locationPlacementId": "locationPlacementId",
                "quotaId": "quotaId",
                "spendingLimit": "On"
            }
        }
    }
}
```

#### Human Readable Output
>### Subscription List
>|Subscription Id|Name|Tenant Id|State|
> |---|---|---|---|
> | subscriptionId | displayName | tenantId | Enabled |

### azure-sql-resource-group-list

***
Gets all the resource groups for a subscription.

#### Base Command

`azure-sql-resource-group-list`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | subscription_id | Subscription id. This value will override instance param 'subscription_id'. Can support multiple subscription ids, comma separated. | Optional | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| subscription_id | A comma-separated list of subscription IDs. This value will override the instance param 'subscription_id'. | Optional | 
```
